He plays now in the game.
the use of idea
d'alessandro and nilmar who are two
players who will only reach the
weekend them
so even those who can not afford to
affirm nothing now even because it has the
judgment also by alessandro
I keep working with the
possibilities, including in the training of
this morning when you want to track
possibility of designing one or
another situation I will be able to count on him
the newspaper that how legally
to be able to count or not be evidently ti
monitor the media and has
accompanied in the last days knows that
there is a very strong repercussion on
relation to some events of the
of week and it's for you
these events what was said did not
ends up not being anything related
to the reality you can relate to
and the opinions and greatness and maturity
of a guy who is already quite focused
time in football and knows absorb all
criticism is constructive only
Care to put you that information
and these are not liable to
that they are reliable
Only this you think it is these subjects.
these questions are raised are
placed only because the result of
field it is not positive of not home
because they are real
some laps and some facts they are
interpreted in one form or another
due to the result, we already know the
What happens there, nobody wants a fact.
none
does not create gives us a greater repercussion
depending on one or another situation
maybe I understand you said some
situations are real is this
no one wanted at least
I deliberately believe that no one
wanted that someone surely creates the
audience who will be listening to the
that have a critical meaning and to maintain
condition of evaluating not I said
opinion policy and I respect and
information just how to take care of this kind of
opposing ideas that are not
the game that had a conversation
with skinny
[Music]
It's been a long time.
time you once I put the
I say
the idea of withdrawal is not of magan
the wheel is then left the edinho will
ask me good, I think it's a kiss
So I replied that it is not the withdrawal of
A flyer because at that moment I was
I was in a good moment to use
of a team situation is more aggressive
a circumstance at home in a game
important flame wins remember that the
I did it against sao paulo
circumstance of the game more than the name
last Tuesday you came
for your press conference
crestfallen face closed some bad
Mood until appeared today you arrive
smiling playing is only 1 to 0 against
Portuguese beauty that no no I'm not
I also do not tolerate I'm not happy
I do not want to and I have the exact notion
that the international of which he is
position I have the exact notion
also my work when he took over the
international team position him
was and the 51% of use that
After I got here in a moment
Difficult transition that I had
aware of it also that for example
a campaign that is two-point and
half of difference from sao paulo
this percentage of utilization
could be in a better situation
fighting for a liberator and I have
consciousness but is aware that
It's not where I'd like to be.
it is not a place where international deserves
tite is to have a group of players is 15 16
players are pointed out as the
players at title level
This is positive or negative to be
positive as it rises elevates the
competitiveness that you have been wanting
group work loyalty and compete
because the technical book can be
improved
the stage of sets of
find the team that is the stage that the
People find you have this evil I
I have work, yes, I have the search for
each one
day-to-day life and the question of
group and if it is more the
confidence she has only one thing that is
fundamental the time behavior that
does not pass and does not build a team
making beating the money of one day
To the other
in the group of athletes who are entering
knowing and recognizing what kind
It is the coach that kind of behavior
He has the good time at the bad time.
time allows this and does not
creates everything in a fight that is not for
kills this time and ceases with the
importance of winning outside the home
because it had 6 for the liberators is
fundamental
I said god, I put it before
had the entire campaign from the beginning
that this percentage of utilization
When I got here, I wanted more.
we are a victory to get into the fight
now we are the two can be a
way it becomes essential that I
I put two of these four
objective games we have make ten
points that we spent the first era
important to win
it was important to win not to find
further details of the situation also
not at any cost does not change that idea
but it is important to note we have three
games in Brazil we will do seven
points
I already saw a specific work
with the defensive sector and today we are
planning differently to face the
Botafogo is necessary to return this of course is
a defensive consistency is a
Aggression is also professional
ti for example the game we did against
the state of Rio de Janeiro is its
opportunities that wanted to kill me is t
is a pattern similar to what happened
it is important to take these examples
own team has had so that she can
to design the team president I started
to do these possibilities does not have a
definition I still have to see the
players recover the legal situation and
d'alessandro to design